Chuu: Did you drink this? (Calming drink, Cheongsimhwan)
Choerry: No~
Choerry: I don't need this~
YeoJin: I'm not nervous yet~
'The audience doesn't know yest who are the secret members?'
(Loss of words...)
(But everyone already know who are the secret members)
Chuu: Of course~ I gues nobody knows~
(Although it's not secret anymore, cheer up! Try your best!)
(However, there was another secret member that nobody expected)
(The secret member is hiding behind the rear door and the manager is trying to open it!)
(It's front door, not rear door!)
'I'm here!'
'Ah, there you are!'
(It's HaSeul!)
HaSeul: Hello~
HaSeul: Hurry up~
HaSeul: I'm a secret of secret member for YeoJin + Secret members Studio!
HaSeul: Even the members don't know about it~
HaSeul: I'm about to go up on stage~
HaSeul: Very curious to see how they react to this!
HaSeul: (HaSeul's Instinct of PD) So director, film their reaction well, please!
HaSeul: Cause I also want to see~
HaSeul: I think I have to go now!
(Suddenly 'Let Me In' playing from somewhere else!)
'We, so different us two'
(How Yeo,Choe,Chuu will react to HaSeul's unexpected appearance?)